LuaRocks is free software: it can be used for both academic and commercial
purposes at absolutely no cost. There are no royalties or GNU-like "copyleft"
restrictions. LuaRocks qualifies as Open Source software. Its licenses are
compatible with the GPL. LuaRocks is not in the public domain and the Kepler
Project keeps its copyright. The legal details are below.

The spirit of the license is that you are free to use LuaRocks for any purpose
at no cost without having to ask us. The only requirement is that if you do
use LuaRocks, then you should give us credit by including the appropriate
copyright notice somewhere in your product or its documentation.

7z.exe and 7z.dll are covered by another license, please see COPYING.7z for
details.

find.exe, mv.exe, rm.exe, wget.exe, ls.exe, pwd.exe, rmdir.exe, chmod.exe,
md5sum.exe, test.exe, cp.exe, mkdir.exe, and uname.exe are part of UnxUtils,
check http://unxutils.sourceforge.net/ for license information.

Files under win32/lua5.1, except for Microsoft.VC80.CRT.manifest and msv*.*,
are covered by another license, please see COPYING.lua for details.

Microsoft.VC80.CRT.manifest, msvcm80.dll, msvcp80.dll, msvcr80.dll are part
of the Microsoft Visual C++ 2005 SP1 Redistributable Package (x86) and
are Copyright Microsoft, Inc. 2007.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright 2007-2010 Kepler Project.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
